The last lecture I set up routeing no one to prove this and I want to make sure that when I click on
continue in that mode here on the order summary that I actually load a different route.
Now it's the chase continued händler a year which is interesting.
Dad is the handler which gets fired when I click continue.
Right now this is where I said loading to true and where I then placed my order and send it to the web.
I will comment all this code out because I no longer want to store it on firebase immediately here.
I went to go to the check out component instead.
Now as you learned since Burgard Boulder is part of their route to all areas of our project we have
access to the match location and history props.
I can prove this by adding Konsole lock this props in component.
MT We have a look.
We see the problem with history location and match.
Now by the way since in here we also use a couple of components like the broken component just in case
you're wondering do we also have access to these props here.
Let's simply lock props in the Bergere function in the Bergere component.
There you see we only have two ingredients.
We don't have access to match and so on there because while this is of course part of the Roudebush
area burger is not loaded through a route object only burger burglarious burger Bolar is loaded for
this route and everything which is loaded for a route but only the direct components are only Burgard
Boulder itself gets these special props components nested inside Bergrin builder.
Don't get them we would have to pass them on manually.
There is a way we could still get the props in the burger component too though and this really is a
bit advanced and not something we need here.
But I want to show it nonetheless.
Let me reintroduce that lock statement to see the problem and we saw that we don't have the match and
history thing.
If we use a special higher order component provided by re-act router Dom we can actually kind of inject
or make them available inject these special props in any component.
The higher order component is named with router and if we wrap our export with it so like this with
router Bergere here I now save this.
Now you see that in the router We also have match location and history and matchable referred to the
nearest match so to the nearest route which was matched in the past in this case the route which matched
the Bergere bolder it does is something I also wanted to share with you.
We will use it later again when we really need it.
Just want to show this little trick.
If you ever need direct access to match history on any location and you don't want to manually pass
it on from the top level component you can use with router.
I did mention this in the routing section already.
Well back to our original task in the Bergere Boulder component in the method which gets executed when
we click continue there.
I of course had access to this props.
History is one of these special props provided by the router.
And there we have this push prop which allows us to basically switch to page portion you page onto that
stack of pages.
So now here I can simply say that I want to go to slash checkout.
If we save this let's see what happens if I start pulling my Bergere here and I click order now and
click continue.
Now I'm on the checkout page.
I get an error because the listeners aren't hooked up yet.
But besides that it's working now a won't connect.
Just check out the navigation link here because I'm going to replace it with my order slings soon anyways
so that's something I won't do here but the next step I want to do is let's add more functionality so
that when we click Cancel here we actually are taken back.
We go back to the Berggruen Boulder whilst when clicking continue we show up for him where we can enter
some data.
This is what I want to build next.